Clarify the format of MICRO_IGLU_REGISTRY_URL (#313)
snowplow/documentation: docs/getting-started-with-micro/basic-usage/index.md

### Pointing Micro to an Iglu registry

> Place your Iglu registry URL and API key (if any) into two [environment variables](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Environment_variable): `MICRO_IGLU_REGISTRY_URL` and `MICRO_IGLU_API_KEY`. Make sure to fully spell out the URL, including the protocol (`http://` or `https://`), for example `https://com-example.iglu.snplow.net/api` or `http://custom-iglu-registry.example.com`.

Author: ```suggestion
Place your Iglu registry URL and API key (if any) into two [environment variables](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Environment_variable): `MICRO_IGLU_REGISTRY_URL` and `MICRO_IGLU_API_KEY`. 

Make sure to fully spell out the URL, including the protocol (`http://` or `https://`). Additionally, for most Iglu registries, including those provided by Snowplow BDP, the URL will end with `/api` — make sure to include that part too, for example: `https://com-example.iglu.snplow.net/api`. [Static registries](/docs/pipeline-components-and-applications/iglu/iglu-repositories/static-repo/index.md), such as `http://iglucentral.com`, are an exception — you don’t need to append `/api` to the URL.
```

### Pointing Micro to an Iglu registry

Place your Iglu registry URL and API key (if any) into two [environment variables](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Environment_variable): `MICRO_IGLU_REGISTRY_URL` and `MICRO_IGLU_API_KEY`. 

> Make sure to fully spell out the URL, including the protocol (`http://` or `https://`). Additionally, for most Iglu registries, including those provided by Snowplow BDP, the URL will end with `/api` — make sure to include that part too, for example: `https://com-example.iglu.snplow.net/api`. [Static registries](/docs/pipeline-components-and-applications/iglu/iglu-repositories/static-repo/index.md), such as `http://iglucentral.com`, are an exception — you don’t need to append `/api` to the URL.

Author: ```suggestion
Make sure to fully spell out the URL, including the protocol (`http://` or `https://`). For most Iglu registries, including those provided by Snowplow BDP, the URL will end with `/api` — make sure to include that part too, for example: `https://com-example.iglu.snplow.net/api`. [Static registries](/docs/pipeline-components-and-applications/iglu/iglu-repositories/static-repo/index.md), such as `http://iglucentral.com`, are an exception — you don’t need to append `/api` to the URL.
```
